GitHub clinic duplicate names (#156)
Openscapes/kyber: README.md

3. Go to the ParticipantsList, and copy the 2 first and last columns.
4. Back in RStudio, put your cursor inside the "tribble" parentheses, then, in the Addin menu in the top of RStudio, select "Paste as Tribble"!
5. If you have more than one participant list (e.g., from moore than one cohort), copy them individually into separate tibbles, then use `dplyr::bind_rows()` to combine them into one tibble.
6. Then, double-check the column headers - they are likely not `first` and `last` as is written in the `kyber::short_names` call. The easiest thing is to update the column names in the `kyber::short_names` code before running (for example: `kyber::short_names(cohort$First.Name, cohort$Last.Name)`

```r
library(stringr)
library(datapasta) # install.packages("datapasta")
library(kyber) ## remotes::install_github("openscapes/kyber")
library(here)
library(fs)
library(dplyr)

## use `datapasta` addin to vector_tribble these names formatted from the cohort 1 spreadsheet!
cohort1 <- tibble::tribble(
  ~first,    ~last,
  "_demo",   "",                      
  "Erin",    "Robinson",
  "Julie",   "Lowndes"
)

> ## use `datapasta` addin to vector_tribble these names formatted from the cohort 2spreadsheet!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## use `datapasta` addin to vector_tribble these names formatted from the cohort 2 spreadsheet!
```

cohort2 <- tibble::tribble(
  ~first,      ~last,                   
  "Andy",      "Teucher",

>   "Stefanie",  "Butland"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "Julie",  "Andrews"
```

Reviewer: I'm suggesting putting a duplicate first name in the code example so user can see that it works.

Author: Good idea, thanks!
